The individual is responsible for assessing the overall credit risk situation at Agoda.
He/She should work closely with internal stakeholders and business partners to understand the different areas 
where Agoda has financial exposures, to ascertain the value of the exposures, and identify ways to fill the gaps. 

This individual is also expected to help drive new processes to mitigate the financial risks of Agoda’ s business operations.
To do so, he/she would be adept at setting guidelines and frameworks on key credit decisions
(setting up guidelines on lending and frameworks for extending credit to partners) as well as pushing for solutions
(managing the trade credit insurance program for partners).

The individual would be adept at modelling, and will be tasked to model the risk profile for new innovations and projects at Agoda.  
Focus on programs enabling XXX to offer its partners unique benefits and are key to the continued
development of XXX continued strategic competitiveness.

The individual interfaces with stakeholders regularly to keep abreast of business changes and key projects.
Due to the growth plans of the company, the role may evolve over time. The candidate should be open to additional challenges and responsibilities.

Conduct risk, financial and data analysis to assess the overall risk situation with focus on vision from the leadership.
Initiate and manage credit policy enhancements, including analysis and validation of risk management policies and strategies
Tracking all initiatives performance results, emerging trends, and portfolio performance(high frequency reports to CXO's)
Implement initiatives to ensure consistency and compliance with credit policies and timely delivery of requirements.
Established solid cross functional partnerships and networks to contribute and execute cross functional and business initiatives.
Closely monitor global events and industry related news to anticipate and mitigate potential risks.

Experience in 
  credit risk modeling,
  credit risk strategy,
  lending,
  banking.
Skills & Personal Traits
  Consultant to the risk management team for worlds largest credit card portfolio.
  Quantitative, with strong intuition and ability to interpret key financial statements/information and 
  recommendations driven by data analysis
  Demonstrated  analytical, problem solving and financial modelling skills

